hi this is mother in this video other
surely Captain Joseph Friedman and the
Boris a ghoul Co this game was played in
Philadelphia in the 1993 Philadelphia is
at the city in the United States in this
game Joseph Friedman had white pieces
and he started metaphor for his Goku
played he 6 d 4 D 5 French defense
Knight to c3 Bishop to b4 opening the
night play goes for renova variation of
French defense a5 beginning the space on
the board
c5 attacking white Santa Bishop to d2
Knight to e7 a three
Bishop takes Knight and white recaptured
with Bishop b6 before Queen to c7 Knight
to f3 c takes on before Bishop takes on
before a5 attacking the bishop bishop
today to black Castle kingside
Bishop to DT very important part of the
game next few moves will decide the game
it is black to move how should black
continue h6 perhaps
to eliminate the possibility of Bishop
sacrifice on h7 or Bishop to a6 what
would you play if you had black pieces
black played Bishop to a6 very
interesting should white sacrifice the
bishop on h7 what do you think do you
have all the ingredients necessary to
give a checkmate after the sacrifice
please pause the video and try to find
if a great gift would work ready
would you sacrifice the bishop on f7 and
go for the checkmate
or would you castle instead in the game
white sacrifice the bishop this is a
Czech King takes Bishop Knight to g5
check how should black continue King to
g6 or King to g8 what would you do King
to g6 is most of time better option but
not in this game this is not for the
black played guca played King to g8 King
to g6 is sped because of Queen to g4 and
after f6 Knight takes only 6 check
taking Queen in the game black played a
good move keep the g8 Queen to h5 and
the threat is checkmate on h7 can black
save the game what would you do in this
position if you help black pieces black
capture the pawn on c2 defending h7
against checkmate white was frustrated
perhaps rogue to 7 is the best movement
of circumstances Friedman played g4
boris galkin who had the black pieces
play the move and white resigned queen
to d3 and that that is checkmate only
too well
white can prevent checkmate but the cost
is very high
White is two pieces up this is a rare
case black tube the deadly gift and won
the game and let's go to this very
interesting position in this position
gorko played Bishop to a6
tempting white to sacrifice on h7 and
white could not resist the temptation
and lost the game very interesting game
isn't it and that is all I hope that you
enjoyed watching this video I wish you
good luck with your chess and bye for
now